sir
You are the most fearsome ruthless person on the road
So humble today
By a mysterious boss
I was terrified.
Oh, right.
This boss
He doesn't like publicity
Very low key
And also told me
You must win forgiveness from Mr. Xiao
Quarrel is the accumulation of virtue
There is such a Jackie Chan fast-in-law
But my grandson-in-law is here.
Have you ever met him?
I have explained it to Lord Feng
Boss likes to be low key
I can't say the wrong thing.
He's not here.
I haven't seen him either.
Not bad. Not bad.
My future grandson-in-law
I like him more and more
You turtle grandson
I almost scared the old man just now
How are things going?
Luo father and son planted
As expected
The power of the Heavenly Soul Hall is still not as good as that of the owner of the community
So what do we do?
Do you want to wait?
Is it time to give Fang Chen a big gift?